This is a program that first has a login or create acount and then allows user to post or view posts of antisemitic incidents on a map. Once the user creates an account and logs in, the program prompts them to either view posts on a map in google chrome where they can click on individual dots and see what the incedent is. Different incedents have different colors and fade after 6 months. 
  When someone posts, they are prompted to give many values including date, time, incedent, type of incedent and some other things, each having their own purpose either on the map or detecting trolls. Many serve both purposes. Upvotes are used to amplify bonafide posts while also helping to filter trolls. Trolls are detected when the same user tries to post more than 3 times in one day and has more posts than upvotes. If someone is a troll then they can still post on different days and may even post on that day if they have enough upvotes on their posts.
  Verified users will never be detected as trolls but verified users can only be added manually in the code since it is reserved for police and community leaders and we don't want trolls to have this type of power. A verified user is coded the add_verified_user function that takes the same arguements as a regular user.
  The Database class in database.py holds all of the database queries including two unused functions (add_image and fetch_image) which are the third to last and second to last functions in Database respectively. While we didn't have time to implement them in the main program, they can take in an array of pixel values and store them in the image table. They use the post_id as a foreign key from the incedents table and store the array as a string. We use the evaluate function to turn it back into a list of lists in the fetch_image function.
  If any problems arise it is likely because posts.db has been corrupted and can usually be solved by deleting posts.db although we do not anticipate that this will happen.